npm# React Updating State Lab

## Overview

In this lab, you'll update state using `setState()`. After running `npm install`
and `npm start`, you'll see that this app is not currently working. Your task is
to build and export two components. These components are unrelated except in
that they but will use `setState()` to update their internal state.

## World Record Click Counter

![Oldtimer stuff](http://il5.picdn.net/shutterstock/videos/15633112/thumb/1.jpg)

We got a new job! Woo! This time, we're a judge for the Guinness World Records.
We're no ordinary judge, however â€” we're a _modern day_ judge. We do things
using _computers_. Instead of using those old, clunky clickity-things to count
stuff for world records, we'll write our very own digital clicker!

1. In the `components/DigitalClicker.js` file, create a `DigitalClicker` React
component.

2. This component has an initial state property called `timesClicked`, which is
initially defined as 0.

3. The component renders out a button with a label that shows the `timesClicked`
value. This means that, at the start, your button should just say `0`.

4. Whenever the button is clicked, update the state by incrementing the
`timesClicked` by 1.

**HINT**: At the moment, `src/index.js` is trying to import `DigitalClicker` _and_ the next component, `YouTubeDebugger`. To be able
to see your progress as you build out `DigitalClicker`, you can comment
out the second component by wrapping it in curly braces and comment indicators:

```js
{/*<YouTubeDebugger />*/}
```

Don't forget to remove these before you begin building the second component!

## Debugging YouTube

![Spock](https://media.giphy.com/media/fECTyvPYevOHC/giphy.gif)

You can only count so many jumps, hula-hoop rotations, and hot dogs being
devoured before you go insane. Time to move on from our record judge job to
greener pastures! Not to worry, we've secured ourselves a gig at YouTube this
time! Our first task is to create some sort of debug bar that allows us to
control the simulated network conditions on YouTube. Among other things, we can
change our resolution, the bitrate of the videos, the audio quality, and so on. **IMPORTANT:** remember that if you want to change any value in any object, you may want to spread the said object, as we mentioned in the previous lab.

1. In the `components/YouTubeDebugger.js` file, create a `YouTubeDebugger` React
component.

2. This component has several state properties. The initial state shape looks
like this:

```js
{
  errors: [],
  user: null,
  settings: {
    bitrate: 8,
    video: {
      resolution: '1080p'
    }
  }
}
```

3. Create a button with the class `'bitrate'`. Clicking this button changes the
`settings.bitrate` state property to `12`.

4. Create a button with the class `'resolution'`. Clicking this button changes
   the `settings.video.resolution` state property to `'720p'`.
   

## A Note on Classes in React

Classes can be added as attributes in JSX, similar to HTML. The one difference
to remember is that in JSX, we must use the `className` attribute, rather than
`class`. Using `class` will cause an error while testing. Classes are used in
this lab to make testing your solution a little easier.

## Resources

- [React: `setState`](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/component-api.html#setstate)
